Culture, don't you understand?
My wife has said twice not to sign
Xiaoye Lao Tzu advises you to mind your own business
Otherwise it will be very miserable
Get out of here, I won't eat your set
You boy
You have thin arms and legs
I advise you not to waste your time
Xiaoye, wait for me.
Today's business is not over
And you Jacky Cheung
You are grown up now
Are the wings hard?
Did you not even listen to your uncle?
You have to sign this contract today
If you don't sign, you have to sign
Xueyao, what's the matter with you?
I heard from your uncle that you don't even listen to him.
What do you want?
It turned out to be the waste of supper
I'll give you advice here.
Xueyao, I want you to fire him immediately
Then divorce him
Ma, I won't fire supper for no reason
Not to mention divorce
It's the other way around. You're the other way around.
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Are you going to let him go?
Will you divorce him?
Neither fired nor divorced
You won't let him go or divorce him, will you?
Well, then you can stop being the president now.
You can live with this poor boy for the rest of your life
I am now in the group.
The identity of the shareholder is officially notified to you
You're fired.